docs: create-fuels docs links, and add link to source code for the quickstart guide (#2020)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/introduction/creating-a-fuel-dapp.md

Congratulations! That's all. You should now be able to see the counter dApp running at `http://localhost:3000` with our newly added decrement functionality.

> For reference, you can find the completed source code of the dApp we built [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/tree/master/apps/create-fuels-counter-guide).

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
You can find the complete source code of the dApp we built [here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/tree/master/apps/create-fuels-counter-guide).
```
